PEP 723: accept the PEP (#3616)
python/peps: peps/pep-0723.rst

              `23-Aug-2023 <https://discuss.python.org/t/32149>`__,
              `06-Dec-2023 <https://discuss.python.org/t/40418>`__,
Replaces: 722
Resolution: https://discuss.python.org/t/40418/82

.. note::

>    This PEP will be declared final once it has been specified at
>    packaging.python.org and there have been a couple of implementations of
>    the spec.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This PEP will be declared final once it has been specified at
   https://packaging.python.org and implemented in a couple of tools,
   ideally including ``pip-run`` and ``pipx``.
```

Reviewer 2: LGTM
